hello this is Heather for expert village
continuing on with a bridal henna design
that we've started we have most of the
hand filled out and now we're doing the
fingers which we'll be doing with vines
and those are made up mostly of swirls
and some leaves and some dots draw the
basis of it and then go in with leaves
after again with the same kind of dot
and pull method that we used in the
lotus petals and now that we've got the
basis of it we're just gonna put some
little dots in there we'll stick with
three dots since that's what we did
around with Otis
that's one finger we're just gonna do
the same on all the fingers trying to
make it come out from one of the points
of the petals if we can
so again just turn the same swirls let
me use on every hand kind of sticking
with the same amount of swirls per
finger each one grow out from the line
you swirl before it
so now we've finished the henna design
and it looks fairly complicated with all
of the vines and dots and Lotus and the
paisley and the peacock but I just did
want to point out that this is very
simple as far as Indian Bridal henna
goes typically it can take as long as an
hour or two just to do one hand
typically we would fill in the spaces
that look empty now so that it looks
like a complete lace glove